Update alter (#1921)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/10.tag-statements/3.alter-tag.md

- Before you alter properties for a tag, make sure that the properties are not indexed. If the properties contain any indexes, the conflict error `[ERROR (-1005)]: Conflict!` will occur when you `ALTER TAG`. For more information on dropping an index, see [DROP INDEX](../14.native-index-statements/6.drop-native-index.md).

> - Make sure that the added attribute name is not the same as an existing or deleted attribute name, otherwise the added attribute will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that the added property name is not the same as an existing or deleted property name, otherwise the added property will fail.
```

- The property name must be unique in a tag. If you add a property with the same name as an existing property or a dropped property, the operation fails.

> - Allows to increase the length of `FIXED_STRING` and `INT`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Only the length of a `FIXED_STRING` or an `INT` can be increased.
```

> - Allow `FIXED_STRING` conversion to `STRING`, `FLOAT` conversion to `DOUBLE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Only the data type conversions from FIXED_STRING to STRING and from FLOAT to DOUBLE are allowed.
```
